[humanactivitymonitor] Add accumulative data to HumanActivityPedometerData (#997)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/web/guides/sensors/ham.md

   tizen.humanactivitymonitor.getHumanActivityData('HRM', onsuccessCB, onerrorCB);
   ```

> 4. If requested `HumanActivityType` type is `PEDOMETER`, then `getHumanActivityData()` provides `HumanActivityPedometerData` object data gathered since the call of the `start()` method, but also data, which is gathered since the device boot.

Reviewer: Request you to do the slight modification for more clarity: 
- Also as the sentence is followed by code snippet, we have to replace "." with : 
 
```suggestion
4. If the requested `HumanActivityType` type is `PEDOMETER` then getHumanActivityData() provides the `HumanActivityPedometerData` object data. The object data is not only gathered since the call of the `start()` method but also since the device boot:
```

Author: Done

Reviewer: @pkosko 
Thanks ! but kindly incorporate the following changes too. 

4. If the requested `HumanActivityType` type is `PEDOMETER` then `getHumanActivityData()` provides the `HumanActivityPedometerData` object data. The object data is not only gathered since the call of the `start()` method but also since the device boot:

Author: I'm sorry about that. I missed your suggestion. I think that the meaning of the sentence change after your modification. Please share your opinion about below:
```suggestion
4. If the requested `HumanActivityType` type is `PEDOMETER` then `getHumanActivityData()` provides the `HumanActivityPedometerData` object. Object includes data not only gathered since the call of the `start()` method, but also data, which is gathered since the device boot:
```

Reviewer: Thanks @pkosko for verifying the meaning and providing a new rephrase. 
- Please share your valuable opinion about the following modification. 
- Also request you to verify the technical correctness/meaning.

```suggestion
4. If the requested `HumanActivityType` type is `PEDOMETER` then `getHumanActivityData()` provides the `HumanActivityPedometerData` object. This object not only includes data gathered since the call of the `start()` method, but also the data gathered since the device boot:
```

Author: @nawab-samsung you are right, the original sentence was not what it should be and because of that after your rephrasing it didn't meet the correct meaning also.
I applied your final suggestion, I think it well describes the result of this step of scenario.

Thank you for all suggestions!

Reviewer: @pkosko Thanks a lot for your words, really I appreciate it.
